Bubble Guppies!
Hi! It's me, Molly.
And it's time for--
GIL:
Yellow!
It's time for--
Cool, an orange one!
Red, red.
A-ha!
(Grunting)
Come on, red leaf!
Uh-oh.
(Giggling)
It's time for  Bubble Guppies!
♪ Bub-Bub-Bubble,
Gup-Gup-Guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble, Bubble,
Guppy, Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble ♪
♪ Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
♪ I'm Molly ♪
♪ I'm Gil ♪
♪ I'm Goby ♪
♪ I'm Deema ♪
♪ I'm Oona ♪
♪ I'm Nonny ♪
(Barking)
♪ Bubble Puppy ♪
♪ Bub-Bub-Bubble,
Gup-Gup-Guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble, Bubble,
Guppy, Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble ♪
♪ Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
Gobble Gobble Guppies!
(Giggling)
Look at this one!
Cool! Look at mine!
Hello!
Hi there!
(Barking)
(Gobbling)
Yeah, boy, I heard it too!
It's coming from over there!
Come on!
(Gobbling)
It's a turkey!
Arr, there you are, Giblet.
Well, ahoy there, mateys!
Ahoy! Is that your turkey!
Aye, It is. This is Giblet.
(Gobbling)
(Giggling)
Hi, Giblet!
Giblet here keeps me company
while I take care of
me pumpkin patch.
Come feast your peepers on this.
Look at all the pumpkins!
Cool!
(Sniffing)
CAPTAIN:
Oh, that one's not ready yet,
you salty dog.
But soon,
you can pick your favorites
'cause it's almost harvest time.
What's harvest time?
Harvest is the time of year
when fruits and vegetables
are ready for picking.
Soon, we can pick these pumpkins
from their vines.
Cool!
Aye, it's a wonderful time
of year, isn't it, Giblet?
(Gobbling)
So long, mateys!
Bye!
See you later!
Come on!
♪
Hi there!
Hello!
Hi!
Good morning, Mr. Grouper!
Well, good morning, everyone!
(Gobbling)
Hey, who let those turkeys
in here?
We just saw a turkey!
And pumpkins!
And look at the leaves we found!
Pretty!
Cool!
Wow!
Pretty!
Sounds to me like fall is here!
What's fall?
Fall is a season.
Fall is the time of year
that comes after summer.
That's right, Nonny.
And you know it's fall when
the weather starts to get chilly
and the leaves change color
and fall off the trees.
What else happens in the fall,
Mr. Grouper?
Well, let's think about fall!
When it's fall,
the color of the leaves change
to orange, yellow, or--
Red!
Red, right!
And in the fall,
it starts to get colder.
So, you might put on a--
Jacket!
Jacket, that's right!
And fall is also harvest time.
Harvest is when we pick foods
like apples, cranberries and--
Pumpkins!
Pumpkins, yes,
then we can make pumpkin pie!
"Pumpkin pie"?
Fall sounds delicious!
♪ Summer's fading oh so fast ♪
♪ Those warm days
sure won't last ♪
♪ Can you feel the autumn
in the breeze? ♪
♪ Go put on
your favorite sweater ♪
♪ Inside's great ♪
♪ But outside's better ♪
♪ You won't believe the color
of the trees ♪
♪ And the leaves are ♪
♪ Falling, falling down ♪
♪ Brightly-colored leaves
are falling down ♪
♪ How I love that
crunching, rustling sound ♪
♪ Of my feet upon the ground ♪
♪ When the leaves are
falling down ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down ♪
♪ Gently drifting leaves ♪
♪ Dancing in the breeze ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down ♪
♪ Falling from the trees ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down, down,
down, down, down ♪
♪ Yellow leaves are drifting,
floating ♪
♪ Flowing through the air ♪
♪ Yellow leaves are drifting,
floating ♪
♪ Flowing through the air ♪
♪ And the leaves are
falling falling down ♪
♪ Brightly colored leaves are
falling down ♪
♪ How I love that
crunching, rustling sound ♪
♪ Of my feet upon the ground ♪
♪ When the leaves are
falling down ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down ♪
♪ Gently drifting leaves ♪
♪ Dancing in the breeze ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down ♪
♪ Falling from the trees ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down, down, down ♪
♪ Down, down, down,
down, down, down ♪
(Cheering)
If you're planning on
some fancy feasting this fall,
then come with me!
Welcome to Deema's Dining Room.
I'm your host, Deema.
Fall is a great time to sit down
with friends and family
for a big feast.
Here to tell us more is
my special guest, Goby!
Hi, everybody!
Setting the table before you eat
is a great way to be helpful.
I love being helpful!
What do we need
to set the table?
To set a table, you'll need
a fork, knife, spoon
and, of course, a napkin.
The napkin goes on your lap,
right?
It does when
you're ready to eat.
But when you're setting a table,
the napkin goes right here,
next to the plate!
Whoa! That's great to know!
But where do I put the fork,
knife, and the spoon?
Well, I have a song
that will help you remember
where everything goes!
♪ Napkin first,
then fork, knife, spoon ♪
♪ Set it right,
you'll eat real soon ♪
Hey, that's catchy!
Sing it with us!
♪ Napkin first,
then fork, knife, spoon ♪
♪ Set it right,
you'll eat real soon ♪
I think I've got it!
Let's set the table!
Silverware, please.
(Humming)
♪ Then ♪
♪ Set it right, you'll ♪
(Humming)
There, two places all set!
What do you think?
Well, one of these is right.
I need your help.
Which place mat has a napkin,
a fork, a knife and a spoon?
This one or this one?
That one!
Yeah, that one!
♪ Napkin first,
then fork, knife, spoon ♪
♪ Set it right,
you'll eat real soon ♪
I'll fix the other one!
That looks perfect.
What do you think, everyone?
Pretty great, huh?
(Clapping)
Let's hear it for Goby for
showing us how to set the table!
And thank you
for all of your help!
MR. GROUPER:
Excuse me.
Ah, we have a question
from the audience.
Yes, sir?
What time is it?
It's time for lunch!
♪ What time is it? ♪
♪ It's time for lunch ♪
♪ It's lunch time ♪
♪ Hey, what's for lunch? ♪
Mmm! I got baby carrots
and a cheese sandwich!
What did you get, Goby?
I got celery
and a roast beef sandwich.
What did you get, Nonny?
I got an apple and...
a roast lead sandwich?
(Giggling)
"Roast leaf sandwich?"
You don't eat leaves!
Yeah! I'd "Leaf"
that sandwich alone!
In fall,
the weather gets colder.
And the leaves start to
fall from the trees.
(Humming)
Hi, Gil.
Hey, Molly.
Why are you raking those leaves
into a big pile?
So, I can jump in it!
I love jumping in leaf piles!
Stand back, Molly.
One, two--
(Barking)
No, Bubble Puppy!
(Giggling)
Hey, guys. We're getting ready
for the fall harvest.
Come on.
Avast, Guppies!
Feast your peepers
on me pirate pumpkin patch!
(Giggling)
Pirate Gil, show "Arr" customers
what we've got.
"Arr", a giant pumpkin,
perfect for picking!
This one would be perfect
for turning into
a great big pumpkin pie!
Oh, no!
Yeah, delicious!
Yikes!
Arr! Come back here, pumpkin!
(Giggling)
What are you making, Nonny?
I'm tracing my hand
to make a turkey.
Gobble-gobble.
(Giggling)
What are you drawing, Oona?
It's a picture of a squirrel
collecting acorns
for the winter.
In the fall,
acorns fall from trees.
Squirrels collect them
so they have something to eat
during the winter.
So they can party
all winter long!
Party, party, par-tay!
(Humming)
MR. GROUPER:
Okay, my little party squirrels,
It's time to go outside!
Come on.
♪ Outside, everybody, outside ♪
♪ Line up, everybody,
line up, line up ♪
♪ Line up,
my gup-gup-gup-gup guppies ♪
♪ Everybody get out,
get-get-get up ♪
♪ Get out, get--
Everybody go ♪
♪ Outside ♪
♪ Here we go, here we go,
everybody line up ♪
♪ Here we go, outside ♪
♪ Everybody, let's go-go-go-go ♪
♪ Get out, out, out, out,
out, out, out, outside ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
I'm a squirrel.
I'm a squirrel too!
Once upon a time,
there were two squirrels
who lived in a tree.
(Shivering)
It's getting cold!
It starts to get colder
in the fall.
Yeah. We have to collect acorns
before it gets too cold.
To the acorn truck!
GILLY:
So, the squirrels went out
to look for acorns.
Attention, squirrels!
Please keep an eye out
for the Party Squirrel!
Oh no!
Party Squirrel,
he never wants to do any work.
Yeah. He only wants to have fun.
We'll keep an eye out for him!
Acorns ahead!
Let's load them up.
GILLY:
So, the squirrels loaded
the acorns into the truck.
♪
But just then--
Hey! You squirrels
like to party?
Party Squirrel!
Oh yeah, Party Squirrel
in the house. What what?
He made us drop our acorns.
Check it out! Party Squirrel!
Hey-hey!
We'd better go look
for acorns somewhere else.
(Engine starting)
GILLY:
So, the squirrels went looking
for more acorns.
Here are some more acorns
for the truck.
Let's load them up!
Look! The truck is almost full!
We just need a few more!
Hey, squirrel-friend!
Question: What's got two thumbs
and likes to party?
(Shrugging)
Party Squirrel!
Party, party, party!
Oh no! What should we do now?
Uhh, make like a tree
and "Leaf"?
Makes sense to me!
Party, party!
(Thudding)
(Noisemaker honking)
Oh yeah, party time!
Party Squirrel!
♪ Party, party, par-tay ♪
(Tires screeching)
I think we finally lost him.
We better hurry up
and get the last acorns
before he comes back.
Well, we only need a few more.
Look!
There are some right there!
PARTY SQUIRREL:
Squirrels just want to have fun!
Oh no! Party Squirrel's coming!
We need your help.
We need to load enough acorns
before it gets too cold.
When the acorns reach
the red line, say "Stop"!
Ready?
NONNY:
Ready.
Stop!
That's enough!
Yeah, now the truck is full.
We did it. Let's get these
acorns back to our tree.
GILLY:
So, the squirrels brought
the acorns back to their tree,
where it was safe and warm.
Thank goodness we have all
the food we need right here,
where it's safe and warm.
Just in time, it's getting cold.
(Sobbing)
(Shivering)
Why are you crying,
Party Squirrel?
Because I didn't collect
any acorns.
And now I'm cold and--
and hungry.
(Sobbing)
Hey, Party Squirrel,
who has two friends
who are happy to help him
collect acorns?
Party Squirrel?
Mm-hmm.
Really?
Yes, we'll drive the truck.
But you have to work hard
to pick the acorns up.
No problem!
GILLY:
And so, the squirrels worked
together to gather acorns.
♪ Working hard is kind of fun ♪
♪ And we can party
when we're done ♪
♪ Party Squirrel ♪
And they all lived
happily ever after.
(Cheering)
Come on, everybody,
it's time to dance!
(Giggling)
Come on, all you fall lovers,
get up and dance with us.
Come on, get up.
We're going to rake some leaves!
♪ Summer's gone,
what can I say? ♪
♪ Fall is here,
that's nature's way ♪
♪ It's pumpkin picking
apple time ♪
♪ Leaves are falling,
that's just fine ♪
All right everybody,
when I say "Go",
we're going to do a dance
like we're raking up leaves.
Are you ready? Here we go!
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling,
rake 'em up ♪
♪ They're falling, falling ♪
♪ The leaves are turning yellow
and brown and red and orange ♪
♪ Falling to the ground ♪
♪ There's a cool crisp feel
in the air ♪
♪ And the leaves'll keep falling
till the branches are bare ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling,
rake 'em up ♪
♪ They're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Leaves are falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up,
they're falling, falling ♪
♪ Rake 'em up ♪
(Cheering)
Fall is the season that comes
after summer and before winter.
(Leaf blower whirring)
Hey, Gilly.
Hi, Molly.
That's a big leaf pile.
I know. It's way faster
with this leaf blower.
I can't wait to jump in it!
Okay, this is going to be great.
Now this time, you stay,
okay, boy? Stay.
One, two--
No, Bubble Puppy!
(Whirring)
(Giggling)
Hi, Molly. Mr. Grouper is taking
us to the pumpkin patch!
Field trip!
Do you want to come with us
to the pumpkin patch?
Come on!
The pumpkin patch
is just over here!
I can't wait to pick out
my pumpkin!
(Cheering)
The pumpkins are gone!
Where did they go?
(Gobbling)
Giblet!
What's the matter, Giblet?
Don't worry, guys!
I speak turkey.
(Gobbling)
You say you know
where the pumpkins are?
And we should come with you
right away?
(Gobbling)
And you want us
to get in the wagon?
You heard the bird!
To the wagon!
Let's go!
(Gobbling)
Happy fall, Guppies!
Happy fall!
(Cheering)
(Gobbling)
(Gasping)
Uh oh!
Hang on!
(Screaming)
(Gobbling)
Cool!
That was awesome!
Hey, guys, look!
Ahoy there!
That was some fall!
(Giggling)
Climb aboard, mateys.
Whoa!
Cool!
Arr, nice to see you too,
Giblet.
(Gobbling)
(Giggling)
Excuse me.
But where are all the pumpkins?
We went back to the patch.
But they were all gone.
Arr, well that might be
because me and me crew
turned 'em all into
pumpkin pie!
Pumpkin pie!
Yarr!
All right!
Arr, there's only one thing
that's better
than eating pumpkin pie
this time a year.
(Gobbling)
Eating pumpkin pie with friends!
(Cheering)
(Gobbling)
All right, let's eat!
(Cheering)
(Bell clanging)
Yum! That pumpkin pie was
delicious, wasn't it, Gil?
Yeah, I think fall may be my
favorite season of all,
too bad I never got to jump
in a leaf pile!
Oh! I have a surprise for you,
come on!
Awesome!
Go ahead. You can jump in it!
Thanks, Molly!
One, two--
Look, mateys, a leaf pile!
Charge!
No, no, no, no.
(Barking)
(Laughing)
♪ Bub-Bub-Bubble,
Gup-Gup-Guppies ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble, Bubble,
Guppy, Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble, Bubble ♪
♪ Guppy, Guppy ♪
♪ Bubble Guppies ♪
♪ And the leaves are ♪
♪ Falling, falling down ♪
♪ Brightly-colored leaves
are falling down ♪
♪ When the leaves are
falling down ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down ♪
♪ Gently drifting leaves ♪
♪ Dancing in the breeze ♪
♪ F-F-Falling down, down,
down, down ♪
♪ Down, down, down, down, down ♪